remote_logger
    by: arvicco
    url: http://github.com/arvicco/remote_logger

== DESCRIPTION:

Log server/client with sensible defaults that can be used for remote/centralized logging.

== FEATURES:

Log4r is a customizable logger with advanced functionality. Unfortunately, it only supports (rarely used) ROMP protocol
for remote logging support. This project aims to improve remote logging by creatting a wrapper around Log4r that:
* Exposes Log4r functionality remotely through multiple protocols
* Writes to (log server) stdout AND log file 'remote.log' by default
* Allows client to use Drb uri or Ring server to find the logger service

== PROBLEMS/TODO:

* TODO: add AMQP rpc support

  Work in progress, please do not use it just yet...

== INSTALL:

  sudo gem install remote_logger


== SYNOPSIS:

server:
---
  include RemoteLogger
  start_drb_logger [options] # or,
  start_ringy_logger [options]
---

client:
---
  include RemoteLogger
  log = find_drb_logger [options] # or,
  log = find_ringy_logger [options]
  log.info 'This is my log message'
---

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIXME (list of requirements)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 arvicco. See LICENSE for details.
